Self-Assessment
My primary role in the project was developing a machine learning model and all associated data extraction and transformation. The machine learning model used was a LinearRegression model which came at 87% accuracy.
My other roles include preparing various data sets for the Tableau dashboard, determining what technology was most appropriate for our dashboard, and completing the part of the README.md about the machine learning model.
My greatest challenge of the project was initially determining the target for the machine learning model. However, after consultation with the instructional team, I had a target that turned out to be very appropriate based on the available dataset.

Team Assessment
The yellow team worked seamlessly on the Medical Deserts project. Our first step was to setup a communication protocol which included a Slack channel, Zoom, and SMS group message. The major challenge the team encountered was initially determining the target of a machine learning model. The first week of the project was spent making a machine learning model that turned out to be unusable and was eventually discarded. A more appropriate model was determined after consultation with the instructional team.
The other notable challenge was determining the appropriate technology for our final dashboard. The team members had different opinions about what technology would serve our purpose. Eventually we did a brief practical evaluation of a couple of them and concluded that Tableau Public was best suited for our dashboard based on the requirements of the project.
Our major strength as a team was recognizing the various strengths of members, and our openness to consider all ideas and viewpoints.

Summary of Project
The Yellow Team project was about showing areas in the United States that are medical deserts based on CMS definition of a medical deserts, and to show the impact of medical deserts on the places where they exist. The medical deserts were determined by calculating the distances between each county and all acute-care location, then finding the least distance. If the least distance was greater than 60 miles that county was deemed a medical desert.
Based on the initial datasets obtained, a LinearRegression model was also developed to predict the average number of physically unhealthy days in all counties. The primary technology used for data extraction and transformation was Python’s Pandas library. 
The analysis showed that there was no observable impact on the health statistics in areas that were determined to be medical deserts.
